[excel] (Power Automate) Reorganize Power Automate limits about external calls (#612)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/testing/platform-limits.md

- [Limits and configuration in Power Automate](/power-automate/limits-and-config)
- [Known issues and limitations for the Excel Online (Business) connector](/connectors/excelonlinebusiness/#known-issues-and-limitations)

## Power Automate specific restrictions

There are a few important differences between running a script in the Excel application and running a script as part of a Power Automate flow.

### No external calls from a script

[!INCLUDE [External calls in Power Automate](../includes/external-calls-power-automate.md)]

### API behavior differences

> Some APIs behave differently when run Power Automate. Others fail due to their reliance on the UI. This full lists are found in [Troubleshoot Office Scripts running in Power Automate](power-automate-troubleshooting.md).

Reviewer: A couple typo fix suggestions 
```suggestion
Some APIs behave differently when run with Power Automate. Others fail due to their reliance on the Excel UI. The full lists are found in [Troubleshoot Office Scripts running in Power Automate](power-automate-troubleshooting.md).
```
